[RyzenAI] Add default config (#122)
huggingface/optimum-amd: docs/source/ryzenai/overview.mdx

The RyzenAI Model requires a runtime configuration file. A default version of this runtime configuration file can be found in the Ryzen AI VOE package, extracted during installation under the name `vaip_config.json`.
For more information refer to [runtime-configuration-file](https://ryzenai.docs.amd.com/en/latest/runtime_setup.html#runtime-configuration-file)

> In case no runtime configuration file is provided, the library will use the configuration defined in RyzenAIXXX model class. For available configs see [ryzenai/configs/](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-amd/tree/main/optimum/amd/ryzenai/configs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case no runtime configuration file is provided, the library will use the configuration defined in RyzenAIXXX model class. For available configurations, please refer to [ryzenai/configs/](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-amd/tree/main/optimum/amd/ryzenai/configs/).
```

Author: Done
